

This is the userpage of a user who was a member of the Wikimedia Foundation staff or served as a contractor to the Foundation. In order to maintain a historical record, it has not been deleted. However, any contact information given may be incorrect, as this user is no longer employed at the Foundation. To contact current Foundation staff, please see 
Wikimedia Foundation
 or the 
organizational chart
. If you need assistance identifying the proper staff to contact about an issue, please contact answers
wikimedia.org.
























Community Relations, Wikimedia Foundation








About me




In my real wiki-life, I am 
User:WhatamIdoing
.  I've been a regular editor at the English Wikipedia since 2007, and I was in the top 500 most prolific editors of all time for a couple of years.  My interests run from medicine to pastry to education, with odd points in between.  I also spend a lot of time working as a 
metapedian
, which in my case means supporting WikiProjects through the English Wikipedia's 
WikiProject Council
 and helping write policies and guidelines.
Official mistakes are made in my staff account.  Unofficial mistakes are still made in my personal account.  To find me in my volunteer capacity, look for me at 
WikiProject Medicine
 on the English Wikipedia.








My work




From June 2013 to September 2023, I was a half-time staff member in the Wikimedia Foundation's 
Community Relations
 team.  I supported the Editing team's work on 
VisualEditor
 since shortly before its launch in 2013, and 
their work on talk pages
 since the 
mw:Talk pages consultation 2019
.
I want to know more about your community.  Please tell me what's special about your project on my talk page, or update 
m:Tell us about your Wikipedia
 and share a link with me.




 
Disclaimer:
 I work for or provide services to the Wikimedia Foundation, and this is the account I try to use for edits or statements I make in that role. However, the Foundation does not vet all my activity, so edits, statements, or other contributions made by this account may not reflect the views of the Foundation.






Contact me








User language












en
-N




This user has a 
native
 understanding of 
English
.









de
-1




Diese Benutzerin beherrscht 
Deutsch
 auf 
grundlegendem
 Niveau.









es
-1




Esta usuaria tiene un conocimiento 
básico
 del 
español
.









Users by language






For general concerns about content on Wikipedia or matters related to Wikipedia, contact 
info
wikimedia.org
.








