

This is the userpage of a user who was a member of the Wikimedia Foundation staff or served as a contractor to the Foundation. In order to maintain a historical record, it has not been deleted. However, any contact information given may be incorrect, as this user is no longer employed at the Foundation. To contact current Foundation staff, please see 
Wikimedia Foundation
 or the 
organizational chart
. If you need assistance identifying the proper staff to contact about an issue, please contact answers
wikimedia.org.
























Erica Litrenta (she/her)


Senior Manager, 
Community Relations Specialists
, Wikimedia Foundation


"
You can't describe a passion. You can only live it.
" 
 
(
E. Ferrari
)








About me




Hi! I'm Italian, and I've been a steady presence in the Wikimedia Movement since ca. 2005 (former admin at 
Italian Wikipedia
 and 
Commons
; main focus on 
copyright problems
, 
communicating with our readers and content donors
, 
partner institutions
). Read more at 
my volunteer userpage
. I use that account for all my volunteer work on the wikis. 


I can read a few languages, and Italian is my mother tongue. I find that, despite everything, 
English is a good common ground to communicate
, so nobody needs to apologize while making the effort to use it. I truly welcome anyone's mediation to communicate with people unable to use it. 
 






User language












it
-N




Quest'utente può contribuire con un livello 
madrelingua
 in 
italiano
.









en
-3




This user has 
advanced
 knowledge of 
English
.









Users by language










My work




My team of Community Relations Specialists has historically supported communications between the communities and (mostly) the technical teams at Wikimedia Foundation.


I was hired 
to assist
 with 
the launch of the visual editor
 in 2013; I helped 
several communities
 with its adoption, and I later got involved with several other products and features before becoming my own team's line manager in 2018. Until September 2023 I led this 
hard-working, widely appreciated team of community-facing folks
. I am grateful beyond words to have had them in my life, and for the community people who collaborated with us in the past decade (and will keep supporting them) to ensure this Movement's success.

Before getting hired here, I 
pushed the Wikimedia Foundation
 to become intentionally global re: liaisons work. 
See also 
my 2013 interview
, and 
my tips for getting a job at WMF
.





 
Disclaimer:
 I work for or provide services to the Wikimedia Foundation, and this is the account I try to use for edits or statements I make in that role. However, the Foundation does not vet all my activity, so edits, statements, or other contributions made by this account may not reflect the views of the Foundation.






Contact me




via my volunteer account
, or find me on LinkedIn.








