

















Srishti


Srishti Sethi


Senior Developer Advocate, Language & Product Localization, Wikimedia Foundation


It is important to go to places where you are rare so that you can help your colleagues with your unique skills ~ Megan Smith








About me




I originally hail from 
Bikaner, India
 and currently live in 
San Francisco Bay Area
. Before joining the Wikimedia Foundation, I was a student researcher at the 
MIT Media Lab
 exploring how online platforms for learning could be made more peer-led, engaging, participatory and accessible to diverse populations. At the Media Lab, I contributed to the design, development, and research of 
Unhangout
, a platform for running large-scale unconference style events online. 

Before MIT, I was working as a software developer with a startup organization in India. As an undergrad, I was involved with the open source community 
GNOME
 and its educational project 
GCompris
.









My work




I joined the Wikimedia Foundation in 2016. Since June 2023, I am part of the 
Language and Product Localization
 team to provide technical support and outreach to language communities, leading initiatives such as 
Future of Language Incubation
 and 
Language Community Meetings
. I support technical contributors by promoting tasks, reviewing pull requests, and addressing 
internationalization and localization issues
. Occasionally, I have supported 
Community Tech
 in engaging volunteer developers through projects identified in the 
Community Wishlist Survey
 by organizing 
Wishathons
.

Before this, I was part of the 
Technical Engagement
 team, contributing to learning and knowledge-sharing initiatives focused on technical outreach, community, and capacity building. My role occasionally involved developing sample code to demonstrate best practices, creating tutorials to explain technical concepts, and building tools to improve workflows around developer support. This team was discontinued in 2022. Some of the projects I contributed to include 
Outreach programs
 (Google Summer of Code & Outreachy), 
Small wiki toolkits
, 

Hackathons
,

Toolhub
, 

MediaWiki Action API docs
 and

Tech swag program
.

For a complete list of my tasks, you can check my Phabricator profile here: 
https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/people/tasks/8466/
.





 
Disclaimer:
 I work for or provide services to the Wikimedia Foundation, and this is the account I try to use for edits or statements I make in that role. However, the Foundation does not vet all my activity, so edits, statements, or other contributions made by this account may not reflect the views of the Foundation.






Contact me




E-mail: ssethi
wikimedia.org 

Telegram: 
@srishakatux
 
 








User language












en
-5




This user has 
professional
 knowledge of 
English
.









hi
-N




इस सदस्य को 
हिन्दी
 का 
मातृभाषा के समान
 ज्ञान है।









pa
-2




ਇਸ ਵਰਤੋਂਕਾਰ ਕੋਲ਼ 
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
 ਦਾ 
ਵਿਚਕਾਰਲੇ
 ਪੱਧਰ ਦਾ ਗਿਆਨ ਹੈ।









Users by language









